either were-wolf or vampire. (_Mem._, I must ask the Count about these
all in a night. One of those big bats that they call vampires had got at
there from a vampire. These things do occur, you know. Only ten days ago
some dual life that is not as the common. She was bitten by the vampire
his arm to designate what to a vampire was "home"--"their face show what
     his instinct is satisfied as to the vampire's ultimate triumph?
"There are such beings as vampires; some of us have evidence that they
stronger, have yet more power to work evil. This vampire which is
denied to the vampire kind; we have sources of science; we are free to
limitations of the vampire in general, and of this one in particular.
superstition--are everything. Does not the belief in vampires rest for
vampire, and the belief in his limitations and his cure, rest for the
experience. The vampire live on, and cannot die by mere passing of the
"Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know the Vampire can produce. We can
connected with death, and vampires; with blood, and pain, and trouble."
vampire in the end, then she shall not go into that unknown and terrible
land alone. I suppose it is thus that in old times one vampire meant
John's home; for your Vampire, though in all afterwards he can come when
coming for action; to-day this Vampire is limit to the powers of man,
of the Vampire, and assured Mrs. Harker that she might rest in peace.
Vampire's baptism of blood." Well, there may be a poison that distils
can see the characteristics of the vampire coming in her face. It is now
the ... the ... Vampire. (Why did I hesitate to write the word?) He was
Have you felt the Vampire's lips upon your throat?" Here he turned to
she is with that Vampire baptism. "Well," said I to myself, "if it be
Vampire in that Holy circle; and yet even there would be the wolf! I
the grave of the Vampire! So I make my choice to go on with my work.
Vampire sleep, so full of life and voluptuous beauty that I shudder as
come, and the Vampire sleep be over. Then the beautiful eyes of the fair
kiss--and man is weak. And there remain one more victim in the Vampire
This then was the Un-Dead home of the King-Vampire, to whom so many more
fresh horror of that ruddy vampire sleep.
